doc: document permission configuration (#1012)
mapproxy/mapproxy: doc/caches.rst

  .. versionadded:: 2.0.0

``directory_permissions``, ``file_permissions``:

>   Permissions that MapProxy will set when creating files and directories. Must given as strings containing the octal representation of permissions. I.e. ``rwxrw-r--`` is ``'764'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Permissions that MapProxy will set when creating files and directories. Must be given as string containing the octal representation of permissions. I.e. ``rwxrw-r--`` is ``'764'``. This will not work on windows OS.
```

Author: good point
